Add missing selectors to data store documentation (#11969)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gutenberg-products-block: docs/third-party-developers/extensibility/data-store/schema.md

-   `array`: An array of all routes for the given namespace.

### getRouteFromResourceEntries

This will returns the route from the given slice of the route state.

#### _Parameters_ <!-- omit in toc -->

-   _stateSlice_ `object`: Slice of the route state from a given namespace and resource name.

> -   _ids_ `array`: An array of id references that are to be replaced in route placeholders. If the route does not have placeholders, this can be an empty array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   _ids_ `array` (default: `[]`): An array of id references that are to be replaced in route placeholders.
```

#### _Returns_ <!-- omit in toc -->

> -   `string`: The route for the given resource entries, or `null` if no route is found.

Reviewer: What are your thoughts on this format so that a developer quickly sees all return types:

```suggestion
-   `string`|`null`: The route for the given resource entries, or null if no route is found.
```

> -   `string` | `null`: The route for the given resource entries, or null if no route is found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `string`: The route for the given resource entries, or an empty string if no route is found.
```

See the original function description:
```ts
/**
 * Returns the route from the given slice of the route state.
 *
 * @param {Object} stateSlice This will be a slice of the route state from a
 *                            given namespace and resource name.
 * @param {Array}  [ids=[]]   Any id references that are to be replaced in
 *                            route placeholders.
 *
 * @return {string}  The route or an empty string if nothing found.
 */
const getRouteFromResourceEntries = ( stateSlice, ids = [] ) => {
	// convert to array for easier discovery
	stateSlice = Object.entries( stateSlice );
	const match = stateSlice.find( ( [ , idNames ] ) => {
		return ids.length === idNames.length;
	} );
	const [ matchingRoute, routePlaceholders ] = match || [];
	// if we have a matching route, let's return it.
	if ( matchingRoute ) {
		return ids.length === 0
			? matchingRoute
			: assembleRouteWithPlaceholders(
					matchingRoute,
					routePlaceholders,
					ids
			  );
	}
	return '';
};
```

#### _Example_ <!-- omit in toc -->

```js

> const store = select( 'wc/store/schema' );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const store = select( SCHEMA_STORE_KEY );
```

const route = store.getRouteFromResourceEntries(stateSlice, ids);
```

### assembleRouteWithPlaceholders

This will return the assembled route with placeholders.

#### _Parameters_ <!-- omit in toc -->

-   _route_ `string`: The route to assemble.
-   _routePlaceholders_ `array`: An array of route placeholders.
-   _ids_ `array`: An array of id references that are to be replaced in route placeholders.

#### _Returns_ <!-- omit in toc -->

-   `string`: The assembled route with placeholders replaced by actual values.

#### _Example_ <!-- omit in toc -->

```js

> const store = select( 'wc/store/schema' );

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const store = select( SCHEMA_STORE_KEY );
```

> const route = store.assembleRouteWithPlaceholders(route, routePlaceholders, ids);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
const route = store.assembleRouteWithPlaceholders( route, routePlaceholders, ids );
```
